Ideation:
Problem --> People are depressed and want to pet a fluffy friendly 
bodega cat in the closet distance as possible.

Demographic --> Sad Humans who like to pet cats without the responsibility of 
owning one.

StakeHolder Interview:
Omar Khan: "I like interacting with cats in local NYC bodegas, but am
facing issues reliably identifying which delis actually contain deli
cats within their hallowed walls.

As a stakeholder in the Bodega Cat Identifier project, I'm hoping the
solution will allow me to efficiently be able to seek out the location
of feline friend-containing convenience stores in order for me to 
quickly path my way to meeting more cute cats.

An expected outcome of this project for me will include my being able to
use the tool to identify which delis have cats in them, with a stretch
goal being the identification of which cats populate each respective deli
ahead of time."

4 Goals:
1. Locate  nearby bodega cat
2. Support local busnesses 
3. knowing in advance the number of cats per store
4. knowing in advance the personality/ petability of each cat

4 Problems/Frustrations:
1. Not knowing which bodegas contain cats
2. Not knowing if the cats are friendly/pettable
3. Not knowing if the cats are hypoallergenic
4. Not knowing breed and appearance of the cats


Product Vision Statement:
"A mobile app that will locate and identify nearby bodega cats for cat loving nyc 
residents by providing the distnace and identiy pages of each cat in the vicinity"

User Requirements:

Search and Browse: 
1. "As a cat enthusiast, I want to search for bodegas with cats 
based on location so that I can visit them"

User-Submitted Entries: 
2. "As a user, I want to view a detailed profile for each bodega cat so that I can learn about its personality and history."
3."As a bodega owner, I want to claim a cat’s profile and add information so that customers 
 can learn more about our shop’s feline resident."

User Reviews and Ratings:
4. " As a bodega cat fan, I want to leave reviews about my experiences with a cat so that others know what to expect."
5. "As a curious user, I want to read reviews about a bodega cat before visiting so that I know if they are friendly."

Map Integration:
6."As a city explorer, I want to see a map of bodegas with cats so that I can find one near me"

Filtering and Sorting:
7. "As a cat lover, I want to filter bodegas by borough so that I can find locations close to me."
8. "As a frequent user, I want to sort cats by most recently added so that I can see new entries."

Favorite and Bookmark System
9. "As a frequent user, I want to save my favorite bodega cats so that I can revisit their profiles easily."

Social Media Sharing:
10. "As a social media user, I want to share a cat’s profile on platforms like Instagram and Twitter so that others can see it."

